welcome to web bike worldcom this time
we're taking a quick look at the Sox
Genesis R into S vs flip motorcycle
helmet please visit web bike Worldcom
for the full review and detail photos of
this helmet and many more
Sox helmets seem to get a lot of
attention from what bike Worldcom
readers apparently because the helmets
look good and they're priced low but as
we've said many times price isn't always
everything and most of the time you get
what you pay for the last Sox helmet we
reviewed was the full face Sox azuma R
which was actually a nice helmet and a
great deal but we also reviewed the Sox
nevado are back in 2007 and it had a
fatal flaw the rotating flip visor did
not lock shut a potential safety issue
the Sox Genesis RN to SPS doesn't have
that problem and Zacks apparently took
our criticism seriously as the Genesis
has what feels like a very secure
rotating visor locking system as I'll
illustrate in a moment the Genesis RN 2
is a good looking helmet especially when
compared to many other flip ups but is
style and low price enough to make this
one a winner well for the answer to that
question of course you'll have to read
the full web by coral com review in the
meantime let's take a look at some of
the details of the Sox Genesis RN to S
vs flip up all of the Sox helmets we
reviewed have been nicely finished with
excellent paint and external appearance
the face shield on this Genesis is
especially notable it has a large lift
tab on the left hand side and it rotates
smartly through four positions without
twisting or torquing and it also
features a small first opening position
for D fogging the face shield also has
outstanding optical properties that make
it virtually disappear from view and
riding the SVS moniker on the Genesis
means it has an internally rotating Sun
Visor
but the slider that raises and lowers it
is stiff and bulky the internal Sun
Visor also has a severe curvature at the
bottom edge and it remains in the line
of sight unless the helmet is pushed
down and forward on the riders head the
face shield removal mechanism works well
although it doesn't feel like the
sturdiest system we've tried but it's
easy to use and
should hold up for occasional use
however the fish heel doesn't quite fit
tight against the eye port gasket on
this one and water leaks past the gasket
when it rains let's take a look at the
top vents which unfortunately seem to
have more style and function because
they're slippery and stiff and a bit
difficult to open or close and the
design needs some improvement which is
discussed in the full web bike Worldcom
review what looks like another exhaust
fan in the rear is actually a cover that
snaps into the helmet there are two
exhaust openings underneath the chin
vent opening is loose on this helmet and
it's bulky and difficult to open we
couldn't determine whether it flows any
air into the helmet anyway and there are
no vents through the large chin bar the
lock for the rotating visor feels secure
and the visor locks tightly in place so
Zacks must have taken our criticism on
the Novato are designed seriously the
chinstrap is one of the ratcheting types
often found on European flip-flop
helmets the liner in the Genesis is
rather comfortable and there is some
room in the ear pockets for small
speakers so that's a quick look at the
Sox Genesis rn2 SVS flip motorcycle
helmet please visit web by coral comm
for our conclusion all the details more
photos and the full evaluation of this
helmet and over 150 more thanks for
watching